Removed Leftover X Pack references #2517 (#2638)
opensearch-project/OpenSearch-Dashboards: src/plugins/data/README.md

#### Default Search Strategy

> One benefit of using the low-level search API, is allowing for a better and more responsive user experience.

Reviewer: I'm not sure if this is true - I may make a follow-up issue, but for now, we can make it a little more readable.

```suggestion
One benefit of using the low-level search API is that it allows for a better and more responsive user experience with partial responses.
```

Author: @joshuarrrr Great. Will make those changes and append to this PR. 👍
